### What I learned
This was the challenge of the mistakes and false assumptions.
As in the previous challenge, for this one I wanted to adopt the use of pseudo-elements in order to create the three hamburger lines by using a div element as the main line and an `::after` & `::before` pseudo-elements for the remaining. Nevertheless, after hours and hours of trying to replicate the requested animation, I found out that it was better to make the hamburger lines as independ elements, since using opacity, scale and rotation transitions, would affect not only the target element but also its children. 
In the other hand, as I'm so newbie in everything realted to CSS animations, I wanted to use only transitions & transforms to animate hamburger icon when clicked. However, it was not possible due to the complexity of the transitions. The asked animations were not only composed by an initial and a final state (aka [implicit transitions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Transitions/Using_CSS_transitions)), but they had also an intermediate state. Therefore, it was necessary to use keyframes or waypoints in order to control intermediate steps in the sequence of animations. 
Additionally, I learned how to use the `animation-fill-mode` property, which is useful specially if you want your animation retains the computed values set by the last keyframe (doesn't turn back to the previous state). 
I wanted to use the `animation-direction` property to reverse the animation when the icon were clicked to get the hamburger closed, but it didn't work. After the second execution there wasn't working the animation time. 